Join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity
The future is what you make it. 

When you join Honeywell, you become a member of our global team of thinkers, innovators, dreamers and doers who make the things that make the future. That means changing the way we fly, fueling jets in an eco-friendly way, keeping buildings smart and safe and even making it possible to breathe on Mars. Working at Honeywell isn’t just about developing cool things. That’s why our employees enjoy access to dynamic career opportunities across different fields and industries. 

Are you ready to help us make the future?   

ABOUT THE ROLE: 
As an Electrical Engineer Intern here at Honeywell, you will have the opportunity to gain hands-on experience and contribute to real-world projects in the field of electrical engineering. You will work closely with our team of experienced engineers and professionals, learning from their expertise and guidance. This internship will provide you with valuable insights into the industry and help you develop your technical skills and knowledge.  

In this role, you will have the opportunity to:  

Assist in the design and development of electrical systems and components  
Conduct testing and analysis to ensure product performance and reliability  
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to support project execution  
Gain exposure to industry-standard tools and technologies  
Learn about electrical codes and standards  
Through hands-on learning experiences, global exposure, networking, and professional development opportunities, Honeywell interns will shape the future. You’ll have the opportunity to work alongside industry experts, lead initiatives that refine technical skills, and have unparalleled mentorship and growth opportunities that will elevate your career. #Futureshaper 

Location: This position is available in multiple locations across the United States. 

Pay Range:  
The hourly base range for this position is $23.00/hr - $38.00/hr. Please note that this salary information serves as a general guideline. Honeywell considers various factors when extending an offer, including but not limited to the scope and responsibilities of the position, the candidate's work experience, education and training, key skills, as well as market and business considerations. 

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 

Must be pursuing a bachelor’s degree (or higher) from an accredited college or university in Electrical Engineering or similar field 
Must graduate after December 2025 
Must continue enrollment in degree program upon internship completion
Validated academic excellence (3.0 GPA and higher)   
WE VALUE:  

Experience with Microsoft Office products, including Excel, Word, Project, PowerPoint, and Outlook 
Excellent analytical skills 
Excellent oral and written communication skills and the ability to work efficiently with other organizations and individuals at all levels 
Positive, can-do demeanor 
Ability to work well as a member of a team and must adapt well to a changing environment 
Ability to learn quickly and a desire to broaden skills and experience 
Eagerness to help and offers help when tasks are presented 
BENEFITS OF INTERNING FOR HONEYWELL: 

Interning at Honeywell provides hands-on experience with cutting-edge technologies, professional development, and mentorship within a global organization. Interns will receive relocation benefits and short-term housing if they are 50 miles or more from their assigned work location (excluding Puerto Rico and Canada).  

The application period for the intern position is estimated to be through the end of March 2025; however, this may be shortened or extended depending on business needs and the availability of qualified candidates. 


HoneywellURNAM 


Additional Information
JOB ID: req460351
Category: Engineering
Location: United States
Nonexempt